so when the horse was in the pot I was
applying a little bit of pressure to
this area to keep the horse underneath
the water and all of a sudden the
plastic gave in
so that resulted in the horse becoming
basically flat then I thought I see what
other areas were bendy and his legs
started to bend by themselves these two
legs are and I very close together this
leg has completely been and warped out
of shape and so has this leg when I
applied a little bit of pressure to this
area I applied some pressure to the neck
which bent his head sideways and created
this angle then I wanted to see if the
face could be distorted and it could
clearly I'm not sure if his ears went
out of shape by themselves but his ear
has been over and his face has been
squished in on itself
so now he looks like a demon pony